Enough. We both have perfection.
Today I invite everyone to try to connect everyone emotionally.
I’m not asking you to practice Guan Yue, Guan Yue,
Why don't you go to work in the company?
I will give you 20,000 yuan a month, but you still have the same as before.
Never. Unlike that lecture,
Don't let me take his place. His eyes are now as high as his head,
Even I don't take it seriously. Tongzhi,
Thanks anyway, but,
I can support myself now. If you sell it for more than 20,000 yuan, you will close it after half a year.
. Just leave. I am
what do i say
Fortunately, someone else was random
If I were you
We don't think about it enough
You are so young and cannot afford to be a disciple.
I haven't seen you call her anywhere, right? No, I admit it.
What kind of but do I have?
My boyfriend can't do that
The senior executive at the time was Gao Shi
That's it now
Huaxin border